will you
he's up to top he's put one two clean
ones I have 800 my god another Kmart
nice who is this little asshole you put
more claymores he's at the top he's got
another Claymore one more stereo
Oh fuckin blame our master
Rizzy duty seriously putting up a fight
though I'd like 10 claymores
then you get me the head raise you back
up and then I'll jump from up here back
up I can
Lancelot
are you trying it again
I want to try to
want to do
Oh
silently a
what's happening what's happening oh my
god
are you thinking that on every other
Costa you're on your own okay let's do
this
and the air vehicle
okay slips Nietzsche with me one two
three Oh one of James Bond news
what the hell is this idiot doing
this idiot in the he's trying to go
under the caca
you know some guys just
I'm going to take advantage of this
the hell is going on
this is so surreal
jumping out we're just above the base
Oh what that means I am what that means